______________________________

  6 Months to 6 Figures
  by Peter Voogd
______________________________

 pg 6 - My 15-year-old mind was confused. I just made a $91 dollar profit on eBay, and it took me only 15 minutes and no physical labor. My friend worked his butt off for 8 hours and made only $63? “I am never getting a normal job,” I thought to myself. Here’s what I realized years later, and it must be understood by you now. I didn’t get paid for just posting on eBay.  I got paid for the courage to think differently and take a risk.

 pg 8 - Reading the book Rich Dad Poor Dad by Robert Kiyosaki gave me a whole new perspective on life and business.

 pg 12 - You often hear people say “I have 20 years of experience, I should get paid more,” but in actuality, that person has 1 year of experience repeated 20 times.

 pg 13 - Jim Rohn says:  “Don’t bring your needs to the marketplace, bring your skills.”

 pg 14 - “Learn to work harder on yourself than you do on your job. If you work hard on your job you can make a living, but if you work hard on yourself you’ll make a fortune.”— Jim Rohn

 pg 18 - The immature learner wants to get as much information as he can as fast as he can, but you’ll usually find him broke, stressed, and lacking real clarity. The mature learner is very deliberate with what he studies and what he puts to mind.

 pg 18 - The immature learner wants to get as much information as he can as fast as he can, but you’ll usually find him broke, stressed, and lacking real clarity. The mature learner is very deliberate with what he studies and what he puts to mind. Achievers focus on listening to something until they’ve adopted it into their daily agenda and have experienced increased results. Once they’ve seen progress, they move on to the next skill.  Wanting to learn more when you haven’t mastered the current information is a huge reason most stay broke and stressed.

 pg 18 - Wanting to learn more when you haven’t mastered the current information is a huge reason most stay broke and stressed.

 pg 19 - “If you have more than three priorities, you don’t have any.”— Jim Collins

 pg 24 - I can assure you that lifestyle, legacy, and loving what you do are more important than income, but it takes income to make that happen.

 pg 33 - Lack of consistency is the subtle, but great stealer of dreams and desires. You must consistently improve your mindset, emotional intelligence, perspective, philosophy on how success is achieved, and how you view yourself. Not just when you feel like it, but consistently.

 pg 34 - I want to share the most dangerous words in regards to learning and success with you. They are the words, “I already know that,” or, “Yeah, I’ve heard that.” Those words have killed so many business goals, dreams, and income opportunities. The questions you need to ask are:  Am I doing that? Have I mastered it?  Does my waistline prove I have mastered that?  Does my wallet prove that I have mastered that?  Does my business success currently prove I' ve mastered it?  Do my relationships prove I have mastered that?  Does my daily attitude and perspective prove I have mastered all of these principles?

 pg 38 - When I was at rock bottom and felt like I had no way out, I realized that most people would have quit, which is the exact reason I didn’t. I often think, What would the majority do? I then continue doing the opposite because I don’t want to end up like the majority.

 pg 41 - It's easy to make decisions once you determine what your real values are.”

 pg 42 - With fuzzy vision comes fuzzy motivation. Have you ever wondered why you’re not always motivated or consistent? Part of the reason is you aren’t clear on why you’re doing what you’re doing.

 pg 48 - Reasons always come first, results come second. Are you 100% clear on why you are doing what you're doing? If not, what can you do today to gain more clarity?

 pg 49 - Only 5% of society have their goals written on paper, and those 5% make more than the other 95% combined.

 pg 53 - So where does confidence come from? It comes from self-esteem and self-esteem comes from doing the things you know you should do when you know you should do them whether you feel like it or not.

 pg 55 - Tony Robbins says it perfectly:  “Resourcefulness the ultimate resource.”

 pg 56 - You’re either helping or hurting your confidence at all times. There is no in-between. So everything you do, every choice you make, every person you connect with, and every action you take either gets you closer to your goals or farther away.

 pg 56 - You’re either helping or hurting your confidence at all times. There is no in-between. So everything you do, every choice you make, every person you connect with, and every action you take either gets you closer to your goals or farther away. Society doesn’t think like this, and most people don’t think the small choices in the moment matter. They’re ALL that matter actually.

 pg 58 - One of the biggest ways to build your self-esteem is to do what you say you’re going to do. Every time you say you’re going to do something and don’t do it, your confidence decreases. Successful people make a decision, “I’m going to work out five times this week.” During the week, if they don’t feel like it, they pause briefly and tell themselves, “I don’t care how I feel; I’m a person of my word and I commited to working out five times this week.”

 pg 58 - You must focus on the rewards on the other side of the tough decisions. Visualize how good it’s going to feel when you complete that activity you didn’t feel like doing.

 pg 59 - You always have two choices, the hard choice and the easy choice. When you choose growth in the moment, your confidence account builds.

 pg 60 - If it's easy, you don't want it, and if it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.

 pg 68 - The term role model is not used enough in our society. It’s extremely important to have role models. A role model will raise your standards. A role model will not let you get complacent. Finding a role model or mentor will spark your mind because they are playing the game at a higher level and will challenge you to do the same.

 pg 69 - “Imagine you woke up and you were 20 again. You have a laptop and only $1000. What would you do?”  What would you do?  Here’s what I would do: I would spend that $1000 taking successful people out to lunch in the industry that I wanted to master or become the best in.

 pg 70 - Most millionaires and high performers enjoy helping young professionals and those hungry for a better life. They were once in your shoes, and they are where they are today because somebody believed in them and helped them.

 pg 73 - “Always give more than you think is reasonable. Most people hold back 5 -10 % because they’re afraid they might be taken advantage of. They’re afraid to go over the top, or set themselves apart with the fear of possibly looking foolish. Whether it’s giving gifts, taking somebody out to dinner, or something as simple as opening the door, go above and beyond what others expect. This philosophy holds true to every area of your life.”

 pg 73 - If you aren't uncomfortable on a daily basis, you aren’t making much progress.

 pg 76 - I would make it a priority to find a coach, mentor, or expert in the field you are in and schedule a coffee or lunch to ask them intelligent questions.

 pg 76 - I would make it a priority to find a coach, mentor, or expert in the field you are in and schedule a coffee or lunch to ask them intelligent questions. You might have to pay for a mentor, and most people who can help you value their time at a high level. If you think mentorship is expensive, try mediocrity.

 pg 77 - Success Magazine asked their most successful achievers a very simple question. What’s been their biggest secret to improving their results?  22% Waking Up Earlier  22% Making a Plan  16% Writing Down My Goals  3% Delegating  37% Learning From Other Achievers

 pg 78 - "GROWTH" friends (are very different from "OLD" friends (people you've known for a long time) or "MAINTENANCE" friends who are the people you talk with a few times a year or send Christmas cards to so you don't feel guilty.  Growth friends are the people you want to spend MORE time with because you are growing together, challenging each other, holding each other to higher standards, and making each other better.

 pg 80 - Research has shown that multi-millionaires talk about the future 9-to-1 compared to everyone else.

 pg 81 - When you reach out to successful people, you need to come from a place of service. How can you add value?

 pg 82 - You can get a hold of anyone if you persist long enough and never give up! Rejection doesn’t take anything away from you so what do you have to lose? People are a lot more willing to help than you think.

 pg 84 - I’m sure you’ve heard the quote, “The fortune is in the follow up.” So few people actually follow up that doing so already sets you apart from most.

 pg 84 - I reached out to one of my current mentors through Facebook, and he’s made a profound difference in my success thus far. I can’t even imagine if I hadn’t had the guts to ask for 5 minutes of his time.

 pg 88 - Walt Disney said, “If you act like an adult when you’re a kid you can afford to act like a kid the rest of your life.”

 pg 88 - I used to get frustrated when starting a new venture and seeing the competition leap out in front with a fast and successful start. Then I found the single discipline that gave me the advantage to beat anybody at almost anything—consistency.

 pg 94 - I learned while attending Tony Robbins’ Business Mastery Seminar that fear is physical and it will lessen the more you strengthen your body.

 pg 98 - Andrew Carnegie sold his company to JP Morgan in 1901 for $480 million, which is equivalent to $300 billion now. The book, Think and Grow Rich, was actually created because of him. He was asked what he looks for in his executive board and the leaders he has under him or hires. He said he only looks for two things:  Ability to energize themselves  Ability to energize others

 pg 99 - It’s important to stand guard to the door of your mind and be very selective with what information you collect.

 pg 100 - Something that can improve your mental mindset immediately is a solid morning routine. I call it your prize fighter routine, which I stole from Robin Sharma.

 pg 101 - I would highly recommend the book, The Miracle Morning, by my good friend, Hal Elrod, if you want to dive deeper into your morning routine.

 pg 101 - I ask myself these 3 questions every morning before I start my day:  What am I excited about?  What am I grateful for today?  What am I committed to make happen today?

 pg 103 - The best entrepreneurs, parents, athletes, and sales professionals have a gratitude practice. While most are worried about economic crisis and turmoil, the best ones ask:  What am I grateful for?  What are my opportunities?  What’s good about this crisis?  How can I improve my situation and use these tough times to inspire others?  Stay focused on the good things versus focusing on negativity and you will feel your motivation, happiness, and energy increase.

 pg 107 - “I demand more from myself than anybody else could possibly expect of me.”— Julius Erving  Before I get into the next must,

 pg 118 - If you look at the most productive people on Earth, people like Stephen King, Tony Robbins, Richard Branson, Michael Jordan, Dr. Oz, and Oprah, you’ll discover that they all follow strict daily routines. (i.e., when they get up, when they start work, what they do consistently, when they exercise and when they relax).

 pg 120 - Take me, train me, be firm with me and I will put the world at your feet.  Be easy with me, and I will destroy you.  Who am I?  I am a HABIT!

 pg 121 - Creating routines that happen every week regardless of how you feel or your emotions is crucial for sustained progress.

