______________________________

  Choose Yourself
  by James Altucher
______________________________

 pg 9 - For our entire lives, we have been fooled by marketing slogans and the Masters of the Universe who created them. I don’t say this in an evil way. I don’t blame them. I never blame anyone but myself. Every second I am manipulated and coerced and beaten down it’s because I’ve allowed it.

 pg 10 - There’s a saying, “The learned man aims for more. But the wise man decreases. And then decreases again.”

 loc 23 - Here’s the Deal Dedication Foreword I Chose Myself: An Introduction The Economic History of the Choose Yourself Era And Then They All Laughed Permanently Temporary Does One Person Have Control Over Your Life? How to Choose Yourself The Simple Daily Practice What if I’m in a Crisis? Choose Yourself to Live Finding Your Purpose in Life How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found Just Do It Let’s Get Specific: What Should I Do? It Doesn’t Cost a Lot to Make $1 Billion Becoming a Master Salesman How to Become an Idea Machine Ten Ideas to Start You Off Don’t Have Opinions How to Release the God Hormone The Seven Habits of Highly Effective Mediocre People How to Be Less Stupid Honesty Makes You More Money You’re Never Too Young to Choose Yourself: Nine Lessons from Alex Day The Curious Case of the Sexy Image What I Learned from Superman Gandhi Chose Himself to Free an Entire Country Nine Things I Learned from Woody Allen Competence and the Beatles’ Last Concert What to Do When You Are Rejected Surviving Failure Take Over the World Testimonials About James Altucher Copyright

 pg 23 - We are moving toward a society without employees. It’s not here yet. But it will be. And that’s okay.

 pg 23 - This is about a new phase in history where art, science, business, and spirit will join together, both externally and internally, in the pursuit of true wealth.

 pg 24 - In every single industry, the middleman is being taken out of the picture, causing more disruption in employment but also greater efficiencies and more opportunities for unique ideas to generate real wealth. You can develop those ideas, execute on them, and choose yourself for success.

 pg 26 - In this new era, you have two choices: become a temp staffer (not a horrible choice) or become an artist-entrepreneur.

 pg 30 - Rejection—and the fear of rejection—is the biggest impediment we face to choosing ourselves.

 pg 31 - What you need to do is build the house you will live in. You build that house by laying a solid foundation: by building physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual health.

 pg 31 - The phrase financial freedom includes the word financial but it also includes the word freedom: freedom to explore the blessings that surround us. Freedom to help ourselves so that we can help others. Freedom to live the life we choose to lead, instead of having to live the life that has been chosen for us.

 pg 31 - The only truly safe thing you can do is to try over and over again. To go for it, to get rejected, to repeat, to strive, to wish. Without rejection there is no frontier, there is no passion, and there is no magic.

 pg 40 - Success comes from continually expanding your frontiers in every direction—creatively, financially, spiritually, and physically. Always ask yourself, what can I improve? Who else can I talk to? Where else can I look?

 pg 40 - - Your Highlight on Location 1782-1784 | Added on Sunday, May 14, 2017 11:12:18 PMManaging operating systems on workstations boils down to three basic tasks: loading the system software and applications initially, updating the system software and applications, and configuring network parameters. We call these tasks the Big Three.

 pg 44 - Only think about the people you enjoy. Only read the books you enjoy, that make you happy to be human. Only go to the events that actually make you laugh or fall in love. Only deal with the people who love you back, who are winners and want you to win too.

 pg 45 - Every time you say yes to something you don’t want to do, this will happen: you will resent people, you will do a bad job, you will have less energy for the things you were doing a good job on, you will make less money, and yet another small percentage of your life will be used up, burned up, a smoke signal to the future saying, “I did it again.”

 pg 51 - When I walk around New York City, everyone seems to have glazed eyes. They are walking around in the past or the future. They are time traveling. One exercise I try: look at the roofs of buildings. Finding the art in the city around me is a good technique to keep me right here, when everyone else is in the time machine.

 pg 77 - Forget purpose. It’s okay to be happy without one. The quest for a single purpose has ruined many lives.

 pg 98 - 1) The middle class is dead. I laid out all the statistics and anecdotes earlier. Again, I don’t say this as something to be scared of. And maybe I’m saying it a little too harshly. But at the current rate of incomes, and with the flight of capital out of the United States, you have to take this into account when making major life decisions. It’s not like you can choose for this to not happen. It’s not a choice. This is happening. In fact, it’s already happened and we are all the Walking Dead.

 pg 98 - 2) You’ve been replaced. Technology, outsourcing, a growing temp staffing industry, and productivity efficiencies have all replaced the middle class. The working class. Most jobs that existed twenty years ago aren’t needed now. Maybe they never were needed. The entire first decade of this century was spent with CEOs in their Park Avenue clubs crying through their cigars, “How are we going to fire all this dead weight?” The year 2008 finally gave them the chance. “It was the economy!” they said. The country has been out of a recession since 2009. Four years now. But the jobs have not come back. Everyone is getting fired. Everyone is toilet paper now. Flush.

 pg 98 - 3) Corporations don’t like you. This is not a surprise to capitalists and entrepreneurs or even artists. The entire idea behind a corporation is to set up a legal structure that takes advantage of cheap labor. The cheap labor makes something for you for less than you sell it. I’m not saying this isn’t unfair. It is what it is. But you have to make sure if you are being exploited that you learn how to exploit back. You use the corporate job as a rest stop on the way toward being healthy, on the way toward figuring out how to innovate and take advantage of the mythical safety net to move onto bigger and better things.

 pg 99 - 4) Money is not happiness. A common question during my Twitter Q&A, asked at least once a week, is “Should I take the job I like or should I take the job that pays more money?” Leaving aside the question, should I take a job at all?, let’s talk about money for a second. First, the science: studies show that an increase in salary only offers marginal to zero increase in “happiness” above a certain level. Why is that? Because of this basic fact: people spend what they make. If your salary increases $5,000, you spend an extra $2,000 on features for your car, you have an affair, you buy a new computer, a better couch, a bigger TV, and then you ask, where did all the money go? Even though you needed none of the above, now you need one more thing: another increase in your salary, so back to the corporate casino for one more try at the salary roulette wheel. I have never once seen anyone save the increase in his salary. In other words, don’t stay at the job for safe salary increases over time. That will never get you where you want—freedom from financial worry. Only free time, imagination, creativity, and an ability to disappear will help you deliver value that nobody ever delivered before in the history of mankind.

 pg 99 - people spend what they make. If your salary increases $5,000, you spend an extra $2,000 on features for your car, you have an affair, you buy a new computer, a better couch, a bigger TV, and then you ask, where did all the money go? Even though you needed none of the above, now you need one more thing: another increase in your salary, so back to the corporate casino for one more try at the salary roulette wheel. I have never once seen anyone save the increase in his salary.

 pg 100 - 5) Count right now how many people can make a major decision that can ruin your life. I discuss this in the chapter “And Then They All Laughed.” I bring it up again so you can’t escape it: how many people do you have to kiss ass to in order to achieve career goals? One? Two? The point here is to not kiss ass at all. To know that there are at least twenty people who independently can help you to achieve the success you need. You build up this list of twenty people the old-fashioned way—you help them. The only way to create value for yourself is to create value for others. Exercise: think of two people in your network who don’t know each other but you think can add value to each other’s lives. Introduce them. Do this every day. Get better and better at it. The more value you bring to the people in your network (even if it doesn’t directly bring value to you in an immediate way), the greater the value of your network. And then the greater value you will have.

 pg 101 - 6) Is your job satisfying your needs? I will define “needs” the way I always do, via the four legs of the Daily Practice. Are your physical needs, your emotional needs, your mental needs, and your spiritual needs being satisfied?

 pg 102 - 7) Your retirement plan is for shit. I don’t care how much you set aside for your 401(k). It’s over. The whole myth of savings is gone. Inflation will carve out the bulk of your 401(k). And in order to cash in on that retirement plan you have to live for a really long time doing stuff you don’t like to do. And then suddenly you’re eighty and you’re living a reduced lifestyle in a cave and can barely keep warm at night. The only real retirement plan is to Choose Yourself. To start a business or a platform or a lifestyle where you can put big chunks of money away.

 pg 103 - 8) Excuses. ”I’m too old.” “I’m not creative.” “I need the insurance.” “I have to raise my kids.”

 pg 104 - 9) It’s okay to take baby steps. “I can’t just QUIT!” people say. “I have bills to pay.” I get it. Nobody is saying quit today. Before a human being runs a marathon they learn to crawl, then take baby steps, then walk, then run. Then exercise every day and stay healthy. Then run a marathon. Heck, what am I even talking about? I can’t run more than two miles without collapsing in agony. I am a wimp.

 pg 105 - 10) Abundance will never come from your job. Only stepping out of the prison imposed on you from your factory will allow you to achieve abundance. You can’t see it now. It’s hard to see the gardens when you are locked in jail. Abundance only comes when you are moving along your themes. When you are truly enhancing the lives of the people around you.

 pg 105 - 10) Abundance will never come from your job. Only stepping out of the prison imposed on you from your factory will allow you to achieve abundance. You can’t see it now. It’s hard to see the gardens when you are locked in jail. Abundance only comes when you are moving along your themes. When you are truly enhancing the lives of the people around you. When every day you wake up with that motive of enhancement. Enhance your family, your friends, your colleagues, your clients, potential customers, readers, people who you don’t even know yet but you would like to know. Become a beacon of enhancement, and then when the night is gray, all of the boats will move toward you, bringing their bountiful riches. This chapter is not a wake-up call. It’s not a fear-mongering, “get ready to be poor” sort of chapter. It’s not even a rallying cry to the greatness and plentitude of entrepreneurship. It’s reality.

 pg 108 - Rule #1: Take out the middleman. Instead of going back to the company he used to sell for, Bryan cut out the middleman and went straight to a credit card processor, worked out his own reselling agreement with them, and did all of this BEFORE leaving his job at Sears.

 pg 109 - Rule #2: Pick a boring business. Everyone is always on the lookout for “the next big thing.” The next big thing is finding rare earth minerals on Mars. That’s HARD WORK. Don’t do it! Bryan picked a business that every merchant in the world needs.

 pg 109 - And when you are nimble and smaller than the behemoths that are frozen inside bureaucracy, often you can offer better sales and better service.

 pg 109 - Rule #3: Get a customer! This is probably the most important rule for any entrepreneur. People want to find and take the “magical path”: get VC money, quit their jobs, build a product, and then have millions of customers. It NEVER works like that. Bryan found ten customers (out of the first 12 he approached) who would switch their credit card processing to him.

 pg 109 - Rule #4: Build trust while you sleep.

 pg 110 - “I didn’t want to be going up and down the street looking for customers,” Bryan said. “I needed to find a way to get online businesses as customers. Someone suggested that I needed to blog. And to blog well you need to be totally transparent or it won’t work. So I started blogging about what was really happening in the credit card industry including all the unscrupulous practices and how merchants were being taken advantage of. Then I’d put my posts on the top social sites at the time--Digg, reddit, and StumbleUpon--and sometimes the posts would get to the top of these sites and my website would get so much traffic that it would crash. “But I became a trusted source about credit card processing. So before long all these online sites that had previously had a hard time navigating this industry would start contacting me to switch their payment services.”

 pg 110 - Rule #5: Blogging is not about money. Blogging is about trust.

 pg 110 - Rule #5: Blogging is not about money. Blogging is about trust. You don’t sell ads on your blog (rarely), you don’t get the big book deal (rarely), but you do build trust and this leads to opportunities. My own blog has made me a total of zero cents but has created millions in opportunities. In Bryan’s case it led to more inflow and his biggest early opportunity.

 pg 111 - Rule #6: Say YES! He started out just connecting merchants with a credit card processor. Then OpenTable asked him to do software development even though he’s never developed software before. He said YES! He got software developers, built a great product, and at least quadrupled his income.

 pg 111 - Rule #7: Customer Service. You can treat each customer, new and old, like a real human being. “We intuitively sort of knew what we didn’t like in customer service everywhere else: automated calling trees, slow response times, poor problem solving, etc. So we made sure there was as little friction as possible between the customer contacting us and actually getting their problem solved.” When you are a small business, there’s no excuse for having poor customer service. Your best new customers are your old customers, and the best way to touch your old customers is to provide quick help when they need it. Customer services is the most reliable touch point to keep selling your service to them.

 pg 113 - How do you find clients? Go to the local businesses you use. Ask them what they need and what you can do. Take on the first few clients for free and then start charging a monthly fee.

 pg 113 - You’re always selling: selling your services, selling your customers’ services (!) (this is the real, true secret for keeping customers by the way), and selling your company.

 pg 115 - Remember: when you write a book, it’s not all about book sales. Books give you credibility in your area of expertise or interest.

 pg 120 - All you have to do is stay in the present. When you catch yourself upset about the past or worried about the future, say to yourself, “Ah, I’m time traveling,” then STOP. That’s what meditation is. That’s what being “spiritual” means: not time traveling. Don’t believe anyone who says it isn’t.

 pg 120 - Do this every day: wake up and think of five people you are grateful for in your life right now. Not people who you were grateful for in the past. And not people you hope to be grateful for in the future if they do what you want them to do. Five people RIGHT NOW.

 pg 120 - try to label your thoughts: “future” or “past.” If you can do that, you stand a pretty good chance of remaining in the present.

 pg 123 - Corporate America doesn’t solve problems. These companies are machines that keep churning out the same product, with minor tweaks, forever.

 pg 125 - If you want to create $1 billion in value, you need to find a problem that nobody has solved. Right now, this second, there are about 1 million problems that, if you solved one, someone else would say, “Holy shit! That’s so easy. Why didn’t I think of that?” And yet, these problems, right now, remain unsolved.

 pg 125 - To succeed at something: Know every product in the industry Know every patent Try out all the products Understand how the products are made Make a product that YOU would use every single day. You can’t sell it if you personally don’t LOVE it

 pg 126 - If you have something that’s worthwhile, you can’t be afraid to cold-call. They need you more than you need them.

 pg 128 - Never ask permission, ask for forgiveness later. Sara didn’t like how Spanx were being displayed at Neiman Marcus. So she bought samples of her own product at Target and displayed them right next to the cash register at Neiman Marcus. She knew innately that nobody would question her. Nobody questions anything if you have confidence, intelligence, and you are proud of your product.

 pg 129 - If you want to be successful, you need to study success, not hate it or be envious of it. If you are envious, then you will distance yourself from success and make it that much harder to get there.

 pg 132 - Everyone has a “yes” buried inside of them. A good salesman knows how to find where that “yes” is buried and then how to tease it out. Great salesmen know it instinctively. When you’re a negotiator you have to be willing to say no, regardless of what the other side says. So although they aren’t total opposites, the goals are completely different. NEGOTIATION IS WORTHLESS. SALES ARE EVERYTHING.

 pg 133 - Some people say, “why not go for the long run—build a business that lasts forever. Very few businesses last forever. There’s a reason it’s called “fifteen minutes of fame.” That doesn’t apply to just people. It applies to almost everything.

 pg 134 - Only negotiate with people you really want to sell to. Otherwise it boils down to just money. Creating value goes right out the window. And only sell something you love to someone you love. Always think, “What is the bigger picture here?” In many cases, in the bigger picture, the negotiation is not as important as the “sale.”

 pg 134 - TEN KEYS TO SELLING:

 pg 134 - What’s the lifetime value of the customer? When I give away a book for free, it gets my name out there. That has lifelong value for me that goes way beyond the few dollars I could maybe charge.

 pg 135 - What are the ancillary benefits of having this customer? When we did Miramax.com for $1,000, we became the GUYS THAT DID MIRAMAX.COM! That helped get twenty other customers that were worth a lot more. I would’ve paid Miramax money to do its site.

 pg 135 - Learn the entire history of your client, your audience, your readership, and your platform. You need to love your client. Love all of their products. Infuse yourself with knowledge of their products.

 pg 135 - Give extra features. Do the first project cheap. And whatever was in the spec, add at least two new cool features. This BLOWS AWAY the client. Don’t forget the client is a human, not a company.

 pg 135 - Give away the kitchen sink.

 pg 136 - I wasn’t just a fund he invested in but a PR person and therapist. Go the extra mile.

 pg 136 - Recommend your competition. Think about it this way: what are two of the most popular sites on the Internet? Yahoo! and Google. What do they do? They just link to their competition, other websites. If you become a reliable source, then everyone comes back to you; if your knowledge has value, they can only get that by having access to you. They get access by buying your product or services.

 pg 136 - Idea machine. There’s that phrase “always be closing.” The way that’s true is if you are always putting yourself in the shoes of your client and thinking of ways that can help them.

 pg 136 - Show up. When I wanted to manage some of Victor Niederhoffer’s money [2], I read all his favorite books. I wrote articles for him. At the drop of a dime, I would show up for dinner wherever and whenever he asked me to. If he needed a study done that required some programming beyond what he or his staff was capable of doing, I would offer to do it and do it fast. Nobody was paying me, but ultimately he placed money with me (at ridiculously low fees, but I did not negotiate), which I was able to leverage into raising money from others.

 pg 136 - Show up. When I wanted to manage some of Victor Niederhoffer’s money [2], I read all his favorite books. I wrote articles for him. At the drop of a dime, I would show up for dinner wherever and whenever he asked me to. If he needed a study done that required some programming beyond what he or his staff was capable of doing, I would offer to do it and do it fast. Nobody was paying me, but ultimately he placed money with me (at ridiculously low fees, but I did not negotiate), which I was able to leverage into raising money from others. Plus, I really liked him. I thought he was an amazing person.

 pg 137 - Knowledge. When I was building a trading business, I must’ve read more than two hundred books on trading and talked to another two hundred traders. No style of trading was off limits. This helped me not only build a trading business, but build a fund of hedge funds, and ultimately build stockpickr.com. I felt like I knew more about trading and the top investors out there than anyone else in the world. Creating value was almost an afterthought. When I was building websites, I knew everything about programming for the web. There was nothing I couldn’t do. And the competition, usually run by businessmen and not programmers, knew that about me. And they knew that I would always come in cheaper.

 pg 137 - Love it. You can only make money doing what you love. If you work a 9 to 5 job that you hate, then you’re on a leash that gives you just enough lead to get by and stops just short of real freedom and happiness. And money. If you love something, you’ll get the knowledge, you’ll get the contacts, you’ll build the site with the features nobody else has, you’ll scare the competition, and you’ll wow the customers.

 pg 139 - HOW TO BECOME AN IDEA MACHINE

 pg 139 - Stephen King, in his book On Writing discusses an accident he once had that prevented him from writing for several weeks. When he started to write again he could feel the difference. He said how the words just weren’t connecting right. His writing muscle had atrophied. He needed to exercise it again in order to continue writing the nonstop, bestselling thrillers he’d been writing for thirty years.

 pg 140 - To become an idea machine takes about six to twelve months of daily practice with the idea muscle. Below I discuss how to develop that practice.

 pg 141 - My real problem was I didn’t have confidence. And I didn’t know what the next step was. In retrospect, I should’ve written down my idea, written down ten ideas for possible shows to launch with, and started pitching TV companies to get someone to partner with me on it.

 pg 141 - Note: what might be too big for you (thinking of the next step) might not be too big for someone else. They might easily know, and not be afraid of, what the next step is.

 pg 142 - Note the important thing: the day he came up with the idea, he also called Boeing and got a plane from them. Not only did he identify the next step, but he took it.

 pg 142 - If you think you can do something, if you have confidence, if you have creativity (developed by building up your idea muscle), the big ideas become smaller and smaller. Until there is no idea too big. Nothing you can’t at least attempt.

 pg 143 - So the question is not, when is an idea too big? It’s how do I make all ideas smaller and achievable? You do this by developing the idea muscle:

 pg 143 - Every day, read/skim chapters from books on at least four different topics.

 pg 143 - Write down ten ideas. About anything. It doesn’t matter if they are business ideas, book ideas, ideas for surprising your spouse in bed, ideas for what you should do if you are arrested for shoplifting, ideas for how to make a better tennis racquet, anything you want.

 pg 143 - Write down ten ideas. About anything. It doesn’t matter if they are business ideas, book ideas, ideas for surprising your spouse in bed, ideas for what you should do if you are arrested for shoplifting, ideas for how to make a better tennis racquet, anything you want. The key is that it has to be ten or more. You want your brain to sweat,

 pg 144 - You don’t ever have to look at these ideas again. The purpose is not to come up with a good idea. The purpose is to have thousands of ideas over time. To develop the idea muscle and turn it into a machine.

 pg 145 - Activate another part of your brain. I write every day. Sometimes I need to reenergize other parts of my brain, to spark fires where things have gone dark. The other day Claudia and I took a watercolor class.

 pg 146 - If you pressure yourself to turn every seed into the most amazingly beautiful plant the world has ever seen, then you are going to set yourself up for burnout and disappointment. You’ve consciously done all you can, now you need to let those unseen life forces go to work on the seeds. The best ones will sprout if you let them.

 pg 147 - We only ever remember the things we are passionate about.

 pg 147 - (infographics are quickly becoming the new blog posts)

 pg 148 - I’ll search phrases like: “I wish I had” “I just paid someone to” “is the worst product” “is a horrible company” “has a terrible website” “is my favorite website” “does anyone know how”

 pg 148 - A lot of companies that use Groupons are struggling for customers and need creative ideas.

 pg 149 - To get ideas/insights/observations, I hyper focus. I’ll set a timer for twenty-five minutes and focus and freewrite on one single thing. That usually brings up ideas I would have never thought about.

 pg 149 - I like to go to YouTube and put in a word relating to something I know nothing about or that I just happen to be interested in at that time and would like to know more. Then I watch a video on that subject.

 pg 149 - Find someone you don’t know who interests and inspires you, then figure out how to reach them. Send them a kind note on LinkedIn or Facebook. Hit them up on Twitter. But research them first. I guarantee a quick conversation or e-mail exchange with someone inspirational will also inspire you. “Touching” someone who has made the impossible possible helps you realize that your ideas are also possible and inspire you to do more. Don’t underestimate the power of being social.

 pg 151 - TEN IDEAS TO START YOU OFF

 pg 151 - 1. Write down as many ideas as you can. You can’t ask people for just one idea. They get very nervous because that one idea has to be the BEST idea. 2. Share and combine ideas. I call it having “idea sex” with each other. After they’ve written down their ideas, everyone picks a partner and they combine ideas.

 pg 161 - DON’T HAVE OPINIONS

 pg 161 - Do you really think you are going to change anyone’s mind? I always wonder, who are these people who spend all day on Internet message boards and comments sections getting really angry and trying to prove that their opinion is THE opinion that everyone should have.

 pg 162 - A) Nobody is ever going to change his mind. For instance, if I say something like “kids shouldn’t go to college,” everyone either already agrees with me or disagrees with me.

 pg 162 - B) One hundred years from now, everyone reading this book will be dead.

 pg 163 - D) Why educate people?

 pg 164 - What do you gain from calling them out, educating them on their foolishness? Only worry about your own happiness, which doesn’t have to be limited by anyone else’s stupidity unless you allow it to be.

 pg 164 - E) I could be reading a book.

 pg 164 - E) I could be reading a book. Time is also a limited resource. You can respond to a comment on Facebook with an opinion no one will care about in a hundred years, or you can do something. Right now. You can take a walk by the river. Or you can kiss someone. Or you can jump on a trampoline.

 pg 164 - I think most people fight because they are alone.

 pg 164 - There are better ways to combat my loneliness than to hold onto an opinion that makes me the same as the other 49.9 percent of the world who share that opinion.

 pg 166 - I like to try this exercise: every time I have a judgment about something, I change the punctuation at the end of the judgment from an exclamation point to a question mark. “She should do this!” becomes, “She should do this?”

 pg 169 - HOW TO RELEASE THE GOD HORMONE

 pg 172 - oxytocin is the hormone there at the critical moments of life creation. It’s the “life hormone.” It also helps reduce cortisol levels (you know that feeling of relaxation you get after sex) and inflammation of the vagus nerve.

 pg 172 - Turns out that showing compassion in a visceral way like giving money is linked to higher levels of oxytocin.

 pg 172 - Touching and hugging release oxytocin—with hugging being more powerful than touching, and hugging someone you love being more powerful than both.

 pg 173 - I had a technique before every date. I would watch either Michael Cera doing comedy or Louis CK doing stand-up. This would get me laughing, make my oxytocin hormones go on fire, and then I’d go right into the date, with all my sex hormones raging. That’s a plus.

 pg 173 - Walk in the sun. The sun is a nutrient.

 pg 173 - Walk in the sun. The sun is a nutrient. And a half hour won’t kill you, despite what global warming people say. Walking outside, as you might guess, is statistically correlated with higher levels of oxytocin.

 pg 173 - (guess what—scientific research shows that having an adventure with someone also releases oxytocin.

 pg 174 - trusting someone doesn’t release oxytocin. But being trusted does.

 pg 174 - Just lying down and listening to music releases oxytocin.

 pg 175 - Here is my oxytocin-rich meal: eggs, mixed with bananas and pepper. Each ingredient is known to release high levels of oxytocin.

 pg 175 - Deep breathing hypnotizes your body into thinking everything is calm.

 pg 175 - When your body is calm, so is your mind, and oxytocin gets released. Ah, your body is saying when it breathes deep, everything is safe. So now I have time to be happy.

 pg 178 - Procrastination is your body telling you that you need to back off a bit and think more about what you are doing.

 pg 178 - Procrastination is your body telling you that you need to back off a bit and think more about what you are doing. When you procrastinate as an entrepreneur, it could mean that you need a bit more time to think about what you are pitching a client. It could also mean you are doing work that is not your forte and that you are better off delegating.

 pg 180 - Often, the successful mediocre entrepreneur should strive for excellence in ZERO-tasking. Do nothing. We always feel like we have to be “doing something” or we (or, I should say “I”) feel ashamed.

 pg 180 - So the mediocre entrepreneur learns two things from failure: First he learns directly how to overcome that particular failure. He’s highly motivated to not repeat the same mistakes. Second, he learns how to deal with the psychology of failure. Mediocre entrepreneurs fail A LOT. So they get this incredible skill of getting really good at dealing with failure. This translates to monetary success.

 pg 181 - The best ideas are when you take two older ideas that have nothing to do with each other, make them have sex with each other, and then build a business around the bastard, ugly child that results.

 pg 183 - Often, the secret poor negotiator’s keep is that we get more deals done. I get the occasional loss leader, and then ultimately the big fish gets reeled in if I get enough people to say yes.

 pg 186 - Subtraction, and not addition, is what makes the window to the brain more clear, wipes away the smudges, and opens the drapes.

 pg 187 - I figure I lose at least 20 percent of my intelligence when I am resentful. Maybe 30 percent if I throw feelings of revenge on top of it.

 pg 188 - Even worse than trying to control the future is feeling a total lack of control over things that have already happened in the past. This is regret.

 pg 189 - First there’s the past but then there’s the distant future. We ultimately have no way to predict the future. But our mind does one thing over and over that leaves us less intelligent: it constantly puts us in a fantasy world that includes our worst-case scenario.

 pg 190 - Extra talking probably takes away at least 15 percent of my intelligence. Because I could’ve been listening and learning.

 pg 190 - Don’t hit yourself over the head when these thoughts are in your brain. Just notice when these things come up. It’s not like you’re going to get cured of paranoia. But notice when it appears. Water withers the rock away. Every time you notice, the window clears a tiny bit. A smudge is gone. You get a glimpse of the light outside.

 pg 192 - Nobody asks: Do you have to be dishonest to succeed? People seem to know the answer already, and they want to know, structurally, why is this truth?

 pg 192 - People want some justification. Maybe they are really asking, “Okay, I’ve been avoiding it until now but should I take the plunge and start being dishonest in order to make money?”

 pg 192 - The problem is this: they are completely wrong. Dishonesty never works. Honesty is the only way to make money in today’s world.

 pg 193 - People want to justify their own failures and use their pretend-goodness to explain why they didn’t start Google, or steal $65

 pg 193 - Honesty compounds exponentially, not over days or weeks, but years and decades. More people trust your word and spread the news that you are a person to be sought out, sought after, given opportunity, given help, or given money. This is what will build your empire.

 pg 194 - GIVE CREDIT. Even if the ideas were all yours. Even if you made nothing on them. Even if they were blatantly stolen. Give credit and move on.

 pg 194 - BE THE SOURCE.

 pg 194 - If you are the source of ideas, then you are ALWAYS the source. Forget the losers who steal. Move on. You become THE fountain of ideas.

 pg 195 - Every day you can think of at least two people to introduce to each other who will help each other. You don’t have to be in the middle.

 pg 196 - The value of your network goes up exponentially when you view your contacts and resources not as a list but as a network of nodes on a graph.

 pg 196 - The way you create the network effect is by encouraging people in your network to connect to each other and to help each other.

 pg 196 - TAKE THE BLAME.

 pg 197 - DON’T LEAD A DOUBLE LIFE.

 pg 197 - DON’T BE ANGRY.

 pg 198 - NO EXCUSES.

 pg 198 - MAKE OTHERS LOOK GOOD.

 pg 198 - Be different. Be aware of the smallest movements around you and acknowledge them. Nobody will forget that.

 pg 199 - DON’T GOSSIP.

 pg 199 - DO WHAT YOU SAY YOU ARE GOING TO DO.

 pg 199 - ENHANCE THE LIVES OF OTHERS.

 pg 199 - I don’t ever have to benefit off of his business. But his business is helping many people now and, in its own way, that creates abundance for me. The abundance can never stop when you help others.

 pg 203 - Lesson Number One about Choosing Yourself: I can choose myself to call anyone I want. If they want to talk to me, great.

 pg 204 - Lesson Number Two: All the conventional methods for making money and distribution are out the windowbecause the barriers to entry that create the premium value are gone.

 pg 205 - “We only signs artists we can sell at least a million copies of in the next three months”—but if he’s waiting for me to get to that point without him, why do I need the label ever?

 pg 206 - Lesson Number Three: Everyone will say you CAN’T. Especially when you’re young, but if you pick and choose how to work with the entrenched system, you CAN.

 pg 206 - Lesson Number Four: The power of the community you build will be felt in ways you can’t predict (a ten-year-old fan, for instance).

 pg 206 - Alex: I don’t think it matters where I see the music industry in ten years—I look at where the music industry is now and it’s not helping me, so I’ve learned to exist without it!

 pg 206 - Lesson Number Five: Persistence is more important than industry validation because it’s not the industry that is buying what you’re selling.

 pg 207 - Lesson Number Six: Focus on what you can do for your art/business right now instead of trying to aim for things ten years for now.

 pg 207 - To help with knowing if you’re good or not, you need a mentor. (Lesson Number Seven) You have to have someone who either knows the industry or knows what’s commercial or successfully experimental

 pg 209 - Lesson Number Eight: Pick your social media outlet, master it.

 pg 209 - Lesson Number Eight: Pick your social media outlet, master it. It’s not enough to master your art form. You have to personally master how you will distribute through some social medium, engage with fans, etc.

 pg 209 - Lesson Number Nine, which is really hard for me: Talk to your big fans.

 pg 219 - If you think about it, Superman actually had no useful powers.

 pg 219 - Think about it: When would you ever need super strength? Are you really picking up a car anytime soon? No, of course not. Heat vision? What for? I have a microwave.

 pg 220 - The only superpower you really need is the one to constantly cultivate the attitude that forces you to ask, from the minute you wake up, to the minute you fall asleep, “What life can I save today?” It’s a practice. Often we forget it. We resist it. Instead of saving lives, we worry about saving ourselves too much.

 pg 224 - The woman is confused and asks him, “Gandhi, please tell me: Why did you want me to wait two weeks to bring back my son?” Gandhi said, “Because before I could tell your son to stop eating sugar, I had to stop eating sugar first.”

 pg 227 - Try this exercise: pretend everyone was sent to this planet to teach you. Famous people, dead people, your neighbors, your relatives, your co-workers. This will give you a strong feeling of humility. And guess what, you will learn from people, you will appreciate them more, and they will actually appreciate you more. Because everyone loves to teach.

 pg 233 - Ultimately, he says, all his movies prove to be “great disappointments.” And yet, knowing that he will always experience the same thing, he goes out, stretches the boundaries of where he’s comfortable in failing, and does it again. And again.

 pg 233 - Kurt Vonnegut, considered an experimental writer in his own right, once said: “To be experimental, first you have to know how to use all the rules of grammar. You have to be an expert first in tradition.”

 pg 234 - master the form you want to operate in, get experience, be willing to be imperfect, and then develop the confidence to play within that form, to develop your own style.

 pg 234 - You have to find the investors, you have to manage development, you have to find the first customers, You have to find the buyers. They don’t show up at your door. You show up at their door.

 pg 243 - You wanted that ONE job, that ONE scholarship, that TV show, that book, to sell your company, to sell your product, whatever. And they said, no. Take a hard look at the product. Can you improve your offering? Can you take a step back and improve what you are doing? Maybe you can and maybe you can’t. But brainstorm first. What are the ten things you can do to improve what you are doing?

 pg 245 - didn’t give up on being creative. I expanded the power of my creativity by not limiting myself to one domain, and vowing to return to book-writing later, ultimately to fiction-writing. Maybe I’ll do it, maybe I won’t. But the “Change Up” certainly released me creatively, and I was able to use it to build both my financial life and creative life.

 pg 245 - I didn’t give up on being creative. I expanded the power of my creativity by not limiting myself to one domain, and vowing to return to book-writing later, ultimately to fiction-writing. Maybe I’ll do it, maybe I won’t. But the “Change Up” certainly released me creatively, and I was able to use it to build both my financial life and creative life.

 pg 245 - you can build up your own presence by establishing your Facebook platform, your Twitter presence, your LinkedIn, Quora, Pinterest, blogging, Amazon, SlideShare, Scribd, reddit, etc., presence. All of these channels are used to create authenticity for your offering. Each follower, fan, etc., you are personally able to sway over to your side of the world continues to establish your authenticity, regardless of who is “rejecting” you.

 pg 245 - ASK FOR ADVICE. Someone rejected you? Poor baby! Now, after your mourning is over, ask why. You’re going to be rejected all your life. In every way. It never hurts to understand why. Sometimes they will even tell you and, in those cases, it’s a guarantee that you will remember.

 pg 246 - In fact, the more knowledge we get, the more we realize how badly we are failing. We used to think we had it down. But now even the Big Bang theory is in serious question. We just suck at understanding the world around us. Do physicists cry themselves to sleep every night because they have failed so badly? Of course not. This failure has only given them opportunity to discover more.

 pg 247 - It’s actually ABNORMAL to “get close” to not being rejected. It’s even more abnormal to be “accepted” or to “succeed” in some conventional sense.

