______________________________

  Getting Things Done
  by David Allen
______________________________

 pg 12 - Anything that causes you to overreact or underreact can control you, and often does.

 pg 14 - Anything that does not belong where it is, the way it is, is an “open loop,” which will be pulling on your attention if it’s not appropriately managed.

 pg 14 - First of all, if it’s on your mind, your mind isn’t clear.

 pg 14 - First of all, if it’s on your mind, your mind isn’t clear. Anything

 pg 14 - if it’s on your mind, your mind isn’t clear. Anything you consider unfinished in any way must be captured in a trusted system outside your mind, or what I call a collection tool,

 pg 14 - Anything you consider unfinished in any way must be captured in a trusted system outside your mind, or what I call a collection tool,

 pg 15 - describe, in a single written sentence, your intended successful outcome for this problem or situation.

 pg 15 - write down the very next physical action

 pg 15 - required to move the situation forward.

 pg 16 - “In knowledge work . . . the task is not given; it has to be determined. ‘What are the expected results from this work?’

 pg 17 - the reason something is on your mind is that you want it to be different than it currently is,

 pg 18 - Research has now proven that a significant part of your psyche cannot help but keep track of your open loops, and not

 pg 18 - as an intelligent, positive motivator, but as a detractor from anything else you need or want to think about,

 pg 20 - They need to gather everything that requires thinking about and then do that thinking if their organizational efforts are to be successful.

 pg 20 - Instead, the key to managing all of your stuff is managing your actions.

 pg 21 - Getting things done requires two basic components: defining (1) what “done” means (outcome) and (2) what “doing” looks like (action).

 pg 30 - As soon as you attach a “should,” “need to,” or “ought to” to an item, it becomes an incomplete.

 pg 32 - Let’s examine the three requirements to make the capturing phase work:

 pg 42 - Three things go on your calendar: time-specific actions; day-specific actions; and day-specific information

 pg 44 - No More “Daily To-Do” Lists on the Calendar

 pg 46 - There are two kinds of incubation tools that could work for this kind of thing: Someday/Maybe lists and a tickler system.

 pg 50 - All of your Projects, active project plans, and Next Actions, Agendas, Waiting For, and even Someday/Maybe lists should be reviewed once a week.

 pg 52 - There are three models that will be helpful for you to incorporate in your decision making about what to do.

 pg 64 - Let’s examine each of the five phases of natural

 pg 64 - planning and see how we can leverage these contexts.

 pg 66 - Here are just some of the benefits of asking why: It defines success. It creates decision-making criteria. It aligns resources. It motivates. It clarifies focus. It expands options.

 pg 74 - You know how shopping at a big store with lots of options lets you feel comfortable about your choice?

 pg 87 - Implementing the full capturing process can take up to six hours or more, and clarifying and deciding on actions for all the input you’ll want to externalize and capture in your system can easily take another eight hours.

 pg 88 - You’ll need to choose a physical location to serve as as your central cockpit of control.

 pg 116 - Incompletion Triggers

 pg 124 - a few basic rules to follow: Process the top item first. Process one item at a time. Never put anything back into “in.”

 pg 135 - The rationale for the two-minute rule is that it’s more or less the point where it starts taking longer to store and track an item than to deal with it the first time it’s in your hands—in other words, it’s the efficiency cutoff.

 pg 138 - It’s important that you record the date on everything that you hand off to others.

 pg 142 - There are seven primary types of things that you’ll want to keep track of and manage from an organizational and operational perspective:

 pg 142 - A Projects list Project support material Calendar actions and information Next Actions lists A Waiting For list Reference material A Someday/Maybe list

 pg 144 - you shouldn’t bother to create some external structuring of the priorities on your lists that you’ll then have to rearrange or rewrite as things change

 pg 146 - The calendar should show only the “hard landscape” around which you do the rest of your actions.

 pg 147 - The Most Common Categories of Action Reminders

 pg 159 - The Projects list is not meant to hold plans or details about your projects themselves, nor should you try to keep it arranged by priority or size or urgency—it’s

 pg 161 - the Weekly Review is the critical success factor for marrying your larger commitments to your day-to-day activities

 pg 161 - There are three primary areas in which you are likely to have “hidden” projects: Current activities Higher-horizon interests and commitments Current problems, issues, and opportunities

 pg 169 - you will often have ideas that you’ll want to keep about projects but that are not necessarily next actions. Those ideas fall into the broad category of “project support materials,”

 pg 171 - one of the biggest problems with most people’s personal management systems is that they blend a few actionable things with a large amount of data and material that has value but no action attached.

 pg 172 - When the nonactionable items aren’t properly managed, they clog up the whole process.

 pg 172 - What follows is a brief discussion of some of the most common. General-reference filing—paper, e-mail, and simple digital storage Large-category filing Contact managers Libraries and archives

 pg 174 - As a rule, it’s best to stick with one general-reference system except for a very limited number of discrete topics.

 pg 189 - here’s a list of some of the topics of checklists I’ve seen and used over the years:

 pg 193 - Frankly, if your calendar is trustworthy and your action lists are current, they may be the only things in the system you’ll need to refer to more than every couple of days.

 pg 194 - the magic key to the sustainability of the process is the Weekly Review.

 pg 195 - here is the three-part drill that can get you there: get clear, get current, and get creative.

 pg 221 - I recommend that you make and keep a list called “Areas of Focus.”

 pg 228 - There are two types of projects, however, that deserve at least some sort of planning activity: (1) those that still have your attention even after you’ve determined their next actions, and (2) those about which potentially useful ideas and supportive detail just show up ad hoc.

 pg 244 - The sense of anxiety and guilt doesn’t come from having too much to do; it’s the automatic result of breaking agreements with yourself.

 pg 245 - three options for dealing with them and eliminating the negative consequences: Don’t make the agreement. Complete the agreement. Renegotiate the agreement.

 pg 250 - use your mind to think about things, rather than think of them.

 pg 269 - the two essential elements of this art: defining what done means and what doing looks like.

 pg 277 - your mind is designed to have ideas, based upon pattern detection, but it isn’t designed to remember much of anything!

 pg 282 - When you make plans (implementation intentions) ahead of time and decide what actions will be carried out in which contexts, the proper behavior is nearly automatically enacted instead of being drawn from your limited reserve of willpower.

 pg 294 - Pressure Produces Greater Rather Than Reduced Utilization of These Practices

