______________________________

  Models
  by Mark Manson
______________________________

 pg 55 - Even if you outwit a bitch to sleep with her, you’re still sleeping with a bitch. It’s a lose/lose situation.

 pg 55 - The beauty of setting such strong boundaries is that you screen out manipulative women insanely quickly.

 pg 60 - Stop looking at communication as the surface information and instead pay attention to the emotions and motivations behind what's said. That's where all of the meaning

 pg 63 - Remember: what you actually say doesn’t matter; WHY you say it matters.

 pg 68 - Once again, it comes down to what’s being sub-communicated, rather than what’s being communicated. When in doubt, check your intentions.

 pg 69 - True honesty is only possible when it is unconditional.

 pg 81 - YOUR values determine your behavior, not what you think she wants, not what you think others want, but what is best for you and best for the relationship.

 pg 82 - The uncomfortable truth is that the majority of women are going to have high degrees of friction and projection when you meet them.

 pg 87 - Rejection exists for a reason — it’s a means to keep people who are not good for each other apart.

 pg 87 - If you don’t find a woman attractive, don’t approach her, don’t hit on her, don’t do anything. It’s not practice if she’s not hot; it’s desperation.

 pg 89 - women do not ever stay in this category. They eventually polarize one way or the other. And if you never make an advance or show interest in them, then they will always polarize towards being Unreceptive

 pg 97 - At the bar the first question out of my mouth is one of my favorites for Neutral situations: "What's your favorite thing in the world?"

 pg 98 - The percentage of women who are Receptive to you will increase proportionally to the quality of your lifestyle, your social status and your looks. The percentage of women that you’re able to move from Neutral to Receptive will be proportional to how good your “game” is, or how well you’re able to communicate and express yourself with women. And your ability to sort through each type of women and meet as many as possible will be determined by how fearless and bold you are when it comes to meeting women.

 pg 107 - The best you can do is to let it go and remember: it’s not about you.

 pg 111 - Success = Maximizing happiness with whichever woman/women we prefer

 pg 111 - our success is defined by screening through as many women as possible until we find the ones we enjoy.

 pg 126 - If you hate what she loves and she hates what you love, it’s not going to go anywhere. Period.

 pg 128 - Here are examples of some great hobbies/events that you can use to meet women:

 pg 138 - The more money/looks/success you have, the less attractive behavior you need. The less money/looks/success you have, the more attractive behavior you need.

 pg 141 - if you can calibrate your behavior to contrast your racial stereotype, you’ll actually create a lot of intrigue and attraction on the spot.

 pg 143 - The goal, as a man, is to cultivate as much social status within your demographic as possible.

 pg 144 - Social proof only functions within a demographic itself.

 pg 144 - Being the Top 1% in physical appearance means that more or less 99% of the male population is going to be sexually interested and/or pursuing them in some way.

 loc 145 - “What you do speaks so loudly I cannot hear what you say.”

 pg 146 - The answer is to stop caring about how beautiful they are.

 pg 146 - The first step to doing this is to ditch any sort of rating scale for women.

 pg 148 - the best way to net a Top 1% girl is to connect with her genuinely and emotionally as soon as possible. Find something that you like about her other than her looks and relate that to her honestly.

 pg 149 - it’s that it is far more powerful to be something attractive rather than to say something attractive.

 pg 149 - it is far more powerful to be something attractive rather than to say something attractive.

 pg 149 - it’s that it is far more powerful to be something attractive rather than to say something attractive. You can say the most attractive sentence

 pg 150 - your life and everything that it encompasses, is a reflection of your emotional investment in yourself. And the more invested you are in yourself, the more confident you are with others.

 pg 152 - Remember, your outward appearance is a reflection of your self-investment (or lack thereof).

 pg 183 - The only important "skill" in dating is learning how to stop buying into your own bullshit, to stop believing your own stories.

 pg 184 - the less confident you are, the more anxiety you’ll have.

 pg 185 - You remove anxiety, and trial-and-error will take care of most of the rest.

 pg 188 - Also, there’s a pattern within each of the responses to fear listed above: they avoid the fear and they usually do it by convincing themselves of something that’s not necessarily true.

 pg 189 - “If it’s a question of me being screwed up, or masses of people being screwed up in the same way, then it’s far more likely that it’s just me being screwed up.”

 pg 193 - porn kills your motivation to pursue women in real life.

 pg 201 - it’s less about the anxiety and more about how competent you feel you are.

 pg 207 - The point is: greater boldness leads to greater polarization.

 pg 214 - women don’t see your features, they see how you present yourself. They don’t hear your words, they hear your intentions.

 pg 214 - There’s no such thing as a man who is good with women who isn’t also creepy some of the time.

 pg 215 - The further you get out of line with your intentions, the creepier you become.

 pg 216 - Flirting is expressing your sexuality in a way that is attractive and fun to women.

 pg 220 - Women actually don't sleep with most men they're attracted to because they would feel slutty or cheap.

 pg 222 - And the most important rule of emotional connection is to relate to feelings, not facts. Seduction is about feelings, not facts.

 pg 226 - The exact words you actually say are far less important than your intentions and level of anxiety.

 pg 227 - Women really do seem to have a sixth sense. I’ve noticed that the longer I hesitate and stare at a girl before I approach her, the more likely I am to be rejected.

 pg 231 - The only thing people love more than talking about themselves is hearing about themselves.

 pg 232 - You should cold-read as much as possible. Any time you’re asking a question that requires a factual answer; take a stab at the answer instead of asking.

 pg 238 - This uncovering of identity is what creates the sense of a “connection”.

 loc 240 - Social status (and therefore attractiveness) is determined by how you behave around other people, how other people behave around you, and how you treat yourself.

 pg 248 - The way to prevent flakes is to meet and attract women who are so interested in you that they would never consider flaking.

 loc 249 - attraction later in the book. But the point to take here is that social status is not fixed, it’s relative. It’s about perception, not reality. And it’s determined by behavior, not assets.

 loc 249 - social status is not fixed, it’s relative. It’s about perception, not reality. And it’s determined by behavior, not assets.

 pg 249 - if she likes you enough, she’ll find a way to make it happen. If she’s not finding a way to make it happen, then she probably doesn’t like you as much as you thought she did.

 pg 253 - being cute and trying to impress will only hurt you, as it will come across as unconfident and unattractive. One of the quickest ways to lose a girl is by texting her stuff that’s way too try-hard. When in doubt, be plain and to-the-point.

 pg 256 - The underlying concept to have on a date is that you should try to constantly be leading.

 pg 257 - As far as what to talk about, your conversations should be getting deeper and more personal.

 pg 261 - getting physical with women, and getting physical quickly and comfortably, is ultimately the difference between having a lot of female friends, and having a lot of ex-girlfriends and dates.

 pg 264 - if you think you can kiss her, you probably could have ten minutes ago.

 pg 264 - it’s much better to try and kiss her and get rejected than to go the whole night without making a move

 pg 266 - If she wants to go home with you, she needs the mildest of excuses to agree:

 pg 269 - They’d rather have a guy go too far and back off than not far enough.

 pg 270 - “I’m sorry – you just look so fucking delicious. I’ll go slower.”

 loc 308 - True Confidence is being less invested in other people’s perceptions of you than in your perception of yourself.

 loc 312 - Women are generally only attracted to men who are less invested in them than they are in themselves.

 loc 386 - Seduction is the process by which a man induces a woman to become as invested in him as he is in her.

 loc 580 - The key to True Confidence is to have both: respect for both oneself and for women.

 loc 660 - Vulnerability is the path of true human connection and becoming a truly attractive person. As psychologist Robert Glover once said: “Humans are attracted to each other’s rough edges.”

