______________________________

  Never Eat Alone
  by Keith Ferrazzi, Tahl Raz
______________________________

 pg 14 - I’ll sum up the key to success in one word: generosity.”

 pg 15 - Until you become as willing to ask for help as you are to give it, however, you are only working half the equation.

 pg 20 - it’s the

 pg 20 - exercising of equity that builds equity.

 pg 22 - Experience will not save you in hard times, nor will hard work or talent. If you need a job, money, advice, help, hope, or a means to make a sale, there’s only one surefire, fail-safe place to find it—within your extended circle of friends and associates.

 pg 22 - It’s better to give before you receive. And never keep score.

 pg 24 - Every successful person I’ve met shared, in varying degrees, a zeal for goal setting.

 pg 26 - the key is to make setting goals a habit.

 pg 26 - “A goal is a dream with a deadline.”

 pg 28 - Next, ask the people who know you best what they think your greatest strengths and weaknesses are. Ask them what they admire about you and what areas you may need help in.

 pg 29 - Human ambitions are like Japanese carp; they grow proportional to the size of their

 pg 29 - environment. Our achievements grow according to the size of our dreams and the degree to which we are in touch with our mission.

 pg 30 - Disciplined dreamers all have one thing in common: a mission.

 pg 30 - The first part is devoted to the development of the goals that will help you fulfill your mission. The second part is devoted to connecting those goals to the people, places, and things that will help you get the job done. And the third part helps you

 pg 30 - determine the best way to reach out to the people who will help you to accomplish your goals. This means choosing a medium to connect, but, more important, it means finding a way to lead with generosity.

 pg 34 - Your goals must be challenging and

 pg 34 - demanding. Step out of your comfort zone; set goals that require risk and uncertainty. And when you achieve your goal, set another one.

 pg 43 - The great myth of networking is that you start reaching out to others only when you need something like a job.

 pg 43 - you must reach out to others long before you need anything at all.

 pg 47 - the first step has nothing to do with strangers; you should start connecting with the people you do know.

 pg 51 - I remind myself how people with a low tolerance for risk, whose behavior is guided by fear, have a low propensity for success.

 pg 52 - Most of us don’t find networking the least bit instinctive or natural.

 pg 52 - Ultimately, everyone has to ask himself or herself how they’re going to fail.

 pg 52 - The choice isn’t between success and failure; it’s between choosing risk and striving for greatness, or risking nothing and being certain of mediocrity.

 pg 53 - The best way to deal with this anxiety is to first acknowledge that our fear is perfectly normal. You are not alone. The second thing is to recognize that getting over that fear is critical to your success. The third is to commit to getting better.

 pg 54 - the Toastmasters Club. They’re sure to have a local chapter in your area. It is a well-run organization that has helped millions of people hone their speaking skills and overcome their fears.

 pg 55 - Set a goal for yourself of initiating a meeting with one new person a week.

 pg 55 - “Fail, fail again. Fail better.”

 pg 56 - I found the script helpful. I think it can help a lot of you as well, and I gratefully offer it to you here:

 pg 60 - Here are a few rules I can suggest from personal experience to ensure that you never become a Networking Jerk:

 pg 60 - it’s better to spend more time with fewer people at a one-hour get-together, and have one or two meaningful dialogues, than engage in the wandering-eye routine and lose the respect of most of the people you meet.

 pg 70 - “The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.”

 pg 80 - the true genius of LinkedIn: the ability to comprehensively map not just your network, but the networks of entire industries.

 pg 83 - You have to view getting to know new people as a challenge and an opportunity.

 pg 86 - four rules for

 pg 86 - what I call warm calling: (1) Convey credibility by mentioning a familiar person or institution—in this case, John, Jeff, and WebMD. (2) State your value proposition: Jeff’s new product would help Serge sell his new products. (3) Impart urgency and convenience by being prepared to do whatever it takes whenever it takes to meet the other person on his or her own terms. (4) Be prepared to offer a compromise that secures a definite follow-up at a minimum.

 pg 87 - Credibility is the first thing you want to establish in any interaction, and, ultimately, no one will buy from you unless you establish trust.

 pg 88 - it’s all about them. What can you do for them?

 pg 88 - Selling is, reduced to its essence, solving another person’s problems. And you can do that only when you know what those problems are.

 pg 106 - Friendship is created out of the quality of time spent between two people, not the quantity.

 pg 107 - It’s astonishing how much more you can learn about someone when you are both doing something you enjoy.

 pg 112 - Give yourself between twelve and twenty-four hours after you meet someone to follow up.

 pg 114 - don’t remind them of what they can do for you; instead, focus on what you might be able to do for them.

 pg 115 - Make follow-up a habit.

 pg 119 - Put in a phone call. The person responsible for these kinds of events is generally overworked and stressed out. I like to call these people a few months ahead of the event and say, “I’m really looking forward to the conference you’re putting together. I’m interested in helping make this year be the best year ever, and I’m willing to devote a chunk of my resources—be it time, creativity, or connections—to make this year’s event a smash hit. How can I help?”

 pg 121 - Are you someone who thinks becoming a speaker is a big deal? That’s true for a lot of people. I’m here to tell you it’s not as tough as you might think, but it is also perhaps more important than you can imagine.

 pg 122 - He started small, getting to know all the organizers of small, local, industry-specific events. He would ask these people, in return for his help, to give him a room during an off-hour at the end of the event so he could speak to a small gathering of people that he would organize.

 pg 123 - A really well-formed and insightful question is a mini-opportunity to get seen by the entire audience.

 pg 125 - These are high-impact, short-term opportunities that may exhaust you, but will also potentially reward you with as many new contacts as the extroverts are generating by being out six nights a week.

 pg 125 - I’ll scout out a nice nearby restaurant and send out pre-invites to a private dinner that I’ll host alongside the scheduled affair. You can do this ad hoc during the day or you can send out official invites beforehand.

 pg 127 - don’t simply introduce yourself; introduce the folks you meet to other people.

 pg 127 - When you meet people at your dinner party or event, don’t simply introduce yourself; introduce the folks you meet to other people.

 pg 127 - Often, that anonymous schlub slurping yogurt at the breakfast table will take on the aura of a celebrity after he’s spoken onstage. Find them before they’ve gained celebrity status, and you have a better chance to connect. Or ask the conference organizer (who has become your buddy anyway) to point them out if you don’t know what they look like.

 pg 128 - Go beyond just memorizing the conference’s brochure. Identify information the people around you would like to know, and come prepared.

 pg 128 - identify key influencers who tweet who are attending and create a list so you can easily follow them.

 pg 128 - Before the conference, identify key influencers who tweet who are attending and create a list so you can easily follow them.

 pg 128 - Take notes on everything, and when the event is over, whip it all into a story or a photo series for posting on your blog, e-mailing to people you met, pushing out through Facebook, etc. Pro tip: Don’t wait until two weeks after the conference. Do it on the plane home and get it out immediately so that it gets to people while they’re still fresh from the conference high.

 pg 129 - Deep bumps are an effort to quickly make contact, establish enough of a connection to secure the next meeting, and move on.

 pg 130 - At each conference, I keep a list of three or four people I’d most like to meet on a folded piece of paper in my jacket pocket. I check them off as I meet them.

 pg 132 - Breaks are where the real work happens at a conference.

